When I said those who disobey us
and are uncooperative
wouldn't be released,
you should've taken it seriously.
Drawing lots?
I decide who gets released.
Hold on. Wait!
In any case, we're being released, right?
Hey!
Because of that stupid Gizzard…
What a wench!
AREA 2-1
WIRETAPPED
Mr. An.
Gang-mu must be locked up
and sending us a message.
It seems
the hostages are locked in the cafeteria
and Gang-mu is
locked in room 203 separately.
I think he's tied up in a separate room.
According to the blueprint, the distance
between the cafeteria and the room
is about 30 meters and…
I have a favor to ask.
Of course, you don't have to do it
because if we get caught,
you'll be put in danger too.
If that's the case,
let me hear you out first.
This.
I want to give this to Mr. Lee.
How about we hide it in the medical kit?
They know who I am,
so it's impossible for me to bring it.
-Is the doctor ready?
-Before that,
I need to check if the students are safe.
What are you trying to pull again?
To check if they're safe
and to protect the doctor,
one of our agents will accompany her.
And please let the doctor
treat our agent too.
Look.
I can't guarantee what will happen
if they try anything else.
I give you my word.
Jang.
Yes, sir.
They promised to let Gang-mu be treated.
So check if the students are okay first.
Yes, sir.